hi guys very simple and quick video for
a very simple and quick idea and I've
been buying a lot of collectors edition
and games lately and nowadays when you
buy a special edition games you did tend
not to get back an extra disc you would
just get a download content carlin there
I so and last night it gave me an idea
I've got before disc and inside it was
the top gear bandage track which is
three pieces of the LC so they made me
enter 3m dlc codes which each one is
five sets and five characters clever two
or three times so that was 75 characters
x-type in to get my content which is
fine but took me about a minute two
minutes to do it I know I sounds like a
bitch in the moaning book it's just
waste of time and then they can plug a
USB keyboard in I don't want to do that
and you can buy Telep keyboard for you
control up I'm not going to buy that
just for typing in codes so I've just
thought of this brilliant idea and I
can't understand why it's not being done
already and first of all right you've
got skate 3 this is an official download
content and codes already used before
you think about jacking it and what I've
created is that it's obviously not as
nicely printed with the difference is i
put the actual code in and i've also
included a nice little bar code and the
idea is what i've got is very cheap
entry-level HTC phone jority phones
nowadays iphones all of them come with
barcode scanners and very quick and they
work so let me just show you first of
all if i can get this right there is me
through my phone there is my darling
content so if I can just get that in
line Bosh there you go straight away it
has got now the download content written
down there which is brilliant it works
show 28 and this is a cheap phone well
with the Xbox you've got the connect
which is very expensive piece of art win
Playstations got the move
and all of these of what cameras built
into them so why nerf when we actually
go to the Redeem dlc and page do we have
to enter these codes manually why are we
just getting flyers with barcodes and
we're just sticking it up to the camera
and letting to do its work and here's a
very quick video of how this could
improve our lives you just simply click
on redeem code it looks if you have a
webcam attached if so Bing it finds it
textview second grab the code is entered
done and that's it and then know it
sounds like I am bone in just to save
myself 30 seconds or something like that
but it's a feature that should have been
there from the get-go well fair enough
now we've got better cameras since the
release of the xbox or the PlayStation
but we've got the good care is now so
why on earth is it's not been
implemented so it's just an idea of God
and I think things on the internet
sometimes gets spread around by quick
it's probably just going to sell my
channel not do anything but I just think
it's an idea that should pull out there
and fingers crossed somebody who is in
the industry might pick it up and go
that kids onto something and all of us
will be improved forever thanks to me JS
guys bye